docs: note the additionalProperties default value flip in Juju 4.0 (#2531)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/reference/files/actions-yaml-file.rst

  type `object <jsonschema-object>`_ with a map of ``properties`` corresponding to
  each key in ``params``. This instance is what Juju uses to validate user input.

> It is highly recommended to explictly include ``additionalProperties`` to have consistent

Author: Well, we insist on it as a best practice, which seems similar to me as saying that it's highly recommended. Would this be better?

```suggestion
Best practice is to explictly include ``additionalProperties`` to have consistent
```

Or would you prefer to go further, like this?

```suggestion
Explicitly include ``additionalProperties``, which provides consistent
```

> It is highly recommended to explictly include ``additionalProperties`` to have consistent

Reviewer: I think the second would work. :)

> behaviour in Juju 3 and Juju 4. Using the Juju 4 default, ``additionalProperties: false``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
behaviour between Juju 3 and Juju 4. Using the Juju 4 default, ``additionalProperties: false``,
```

I think the meaning is slightly clearer with this word.
